# TRIO-DOC
The Real Internet Organization

Our organization originated in China.

As we all know, the Chinese government has built a giant firewall. Therefore, China's Internet cannot connect with the Internet around the world.

In such an environment, a number of monopolistic companies were born in China, such as Baidu and CSDN. After obtaining a monopoly, these companies monopolized Internet traffic and then began to destroy the Internet.

The most typical example is that as a search engine, Baidu's first page of search results is already full of advertisements and has almost no available information. Even if you search for some well-known companies and software, the search results displayed by Baidu are still junk companies that paid Baidu.Similarly, as a knowledge sharing website, CSDN used to be almost free. But now, CSDN even includes content that is completely free on the world's Internet into its own website, and then starts charging for them. All this is because it is on the Chinese Internet rather than the world Internet. Its monopoly position makes the Chinese helpless.

TRIO plans to continuously launch network services and purify China’s Internet. TRIO hopes that through its efforts, users can restore the fast, efficient and free experience they had on the Internet more than ten years ago. We believe that this is also the original intention of the Internet, which is to be open and shareable.

## 2024.06.05
TRIO has noticed that the development of artificial intelligence large language models (LLM) has begun to significantly change the Internet knowledge environment. On the Chinese Internet, we found that several major LLM development companies in China have begun to actively abuse the capabilities of LLM. In order to direct Internet viewers to their own websites, these large companies began to use their own LLMs to mass-produce junk answers to popular questions, seriously polluting the Internet. From a technical point of view, this behavior is called "content farms."

Here we do not want to point out which companies are doing this. Of course, it is not just us, but many teams that pay attention to LLM have also discovered this. In fact, we can clearly point out that these Chinese LLM development companies know very well what they are doing, because after some teams pointed out their evil deeds, they immediately began to disguise themselves cleverly and could clear their pointed out evil deeds within a day. But this does not mean that they have stopped their evil deeds, they will continue to do it more covertly.

TRIO realized these situations and immediately adjusted its strategy. In the old strategy, TRIO hoped to create a reliable search engine to help users obtain knowledge more accurately. But obviously, the Chinese Internet, which is flooded with large amounts of junk information generated by these large companies using LLM, is no longer worth creating a search engine. Moreover, after evaluating the values ​​of China's large knowledge platform companies, we believe that if we build our knowledge base system on their content platform (the original plan was to include snapshots and URLs of important knowledge pages), we are likely to be sued by them. After all, they now only want to use the wall to enclose the knowledge on their platform and become "private domain traffic" that can help them make money.

Therefore, we plan to build our own knowledge base and widely absorb free members. We hope that our knowledge base can preserve real, timely, verified and accurate knowledge.

TRIO's goal has always been to become an uncontaminated land on the Internet. The original intention of the Internet is openness and sharing, allowing everyone to obtain the information and knowledge they want from the Internet. TRIO will always be committed to protecting this precious goal.